Intro deepu (#915)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: _source/_posts/2021-10-xx-accidental-dev-to-advocate.md

---
layout: blog_post

> title: "Spreading some Okta love to the DevOps world"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Spreading Some Okta Love to the DevOps World"
```
title of the post uses title case.

author: deepu-sasidharan
by: advocate
communities: [java, javascript, go, rust, devops, announcement]
description: "Welcome Deepu K Sasidharan to the Okta team!"
tags: [kubernetes, devops, java, go, rust, javascript, typescript, okta]
tweets:
  - "Welcome @deepu105 to the @oktadev team!"
  - "Excited to have @deepu105 join the @oktadev team!"
  - "🎉 @deepu105 joins the @oktadev team to spread some Okta love to the DevOps world"
type: awareness
---

Hello Oktaverse!

> So finally, I have landed at Okta, in my second attempt 😉. I'm so excited about this new chapter in my career journey and can't wait to see what's in store. But first introductions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So finally, I have landed at Okta on my second attempt 😉. I'm so excited about this new chapter in my career journey and can't wait to see what's in store. But first introductions.
```
nit: "on" is more common usage here, 2nd comma not needed.

{% img blog/hello-deepu/hello.jpg alt:"My face" width:"800" %}{: .center-image }

## Who is this guy?

> I'm from the south of India, a village in Kerala to be specific, but I grew up in Chennai since my parents moved there looking for work when I was 12. I like to call myself a software engineer with a soldering iron. That's because I never intended to be in the IT industry. I wanted to be an astronomer, but that didn't work out, so I wanted to get into robotics. To pursue that, I got myself an engineering degree in electronics and electrical engineering, but apparently, the universe had different plans. The recession of 2008 hit and Robotics companies in India weren't hiring much. So, to make ends meet and to repay my student loan, I applied to one of the biggest software companies in India with little to no hope. The only software experience I had at that point was the data-structures class which I flunked out and had to retake and a little bit of dabbling with JS and PHP when I ran a personal blog about modifying motorbikes. Surprisingly, I made the cut and hence began my journey into software engineering with a boot camp provided by the company, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS). That is when I realized I was quite good at programming and I passed out of the boot camp as the top performer. I still love learning about astronomy and astrophysics among other science subjects and still ride a motorcycle 😄. I also love Linux and you can read all about that [here](https://deepu.tech/the-state-of-linux-on-desktops/) if you are interested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm from the south of India, a village in Kerala to be specific, but I grew up in Chennai since my parents moved there looking for work when I was 12. I like to call myself a software engineer with a soldering iron. That's because I never intended to be in the IT industry. I wanted to be an astronomer, but that didn't work out, so I wanted to get into robotics. To pursue that, I got myself an engineering degree in electronics and electrical engineering, but apparently, the universe had different plans. 

The recession of 2008 hit and robotics companies in India weren't hiring much. To make ends meet and to repay my student loan, I applied to one of the biggest software companies in India with little to no hope. The only software experience I'd had at that point was the data-structures class (which I flunked once and had to retake), and a little bit of dabbling with JS and PHP when I ran a personal blog about modifying motorbikes. Surprisingly, I made the cut. Hence began my journey into software engineering with a boot camp provided by the company, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS). That is when I realized I was quite good at programming and I passed out of the boot camp as the top performer! I still love learning about astronomy and astrophysics, among other science subjects, and still ride a motorcycle 😄. I also love Linux and you can read [my take on the state of Linux](https://deepu.tech/the-state-of-linux-on-desktops/) if you are interested.
```
Various small edits for better readability and flow. Mixture of long and short sentences.

Author: Thank you, just a question out of curiosity is 'I'd had' better than 'I had' ? I'm asking coz I'm not familiar with that usage

> ## What did you do so far?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What I've done so far
```
Since this is not so much a FAQ as a narrative about you, I recommend making these headings more descriptive and less like rhetorical questions. If you don't like this style, let's revisit. I think it's helpful for people to be able to scan headers and get an idea of the story being told.

Author: Sure, I actually had those title first then changed as I wasn't sure. I'll change back

> Fast forward to 2021 and I have more than a decade of experience wearing all sorts of hats in IT and working with a dozen languages and all sorts of tech. I'm a jack of all trades and master of some. At TCS, I spend 2011-2016 in Singapore working for its airline clients. I started out building Java web apps for enterprises, did a lot of JavaScript and UX engineering, built mobile apps, lead some teams, managed projects, and finally was part of a pre-sales team proposing architectures and building prototypes, and so on. I was also the go-to JS person there. This is when I started getting into open-source and discovered [JHipster](https://www.jhipster.tech/) and fell in love with it. I now co-lead JHipster along with [Julien Dubois](https://twitter.com/juliendubois) and [Pascal Grimaud](https://twitter.com/pascalgrimaud). While I don't actively code that much for JHipster these days, somehow I still hold the number two position in terms of contributions 😉. The fun fact is that Okta has been an early supporter of JHipster and thanks to [Matt Raible](https://developer.okta.com/blog/authors/matt-raible/), Okta is the platinum sponsor for JHipster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fast forward to 2021:  I have more than a decade of experience wearing all sorts of hats in IT, working with a dozen languages and all sorts of tech. I'm a jack of all trades and master of some. At TCS, I spend 2011-2016 in Singapore working for its airline clients. I started out building Java web apps for enterprises, did a lot of JavaScript and UX engineering, built mobile apps, lead some teams, managed projects, and finally was part of a pre-sales team proposing architectures, building prototypes, and so on. I was also the go-to JS person there. This is when I started getting into open source, discovered [JHipster](https://www.jhipster.tech/), and fell in love with it. 

I now co-lead JHipster along with [Julien Dubois](https://twitter.com/juliendubois) and [Pascal Grimaud](https://twitter.com/pascalgrimaud). While I don't actively code that much for JHipster these days, somehow I still hold the number two position in terms of contributions 😉. Fun fact:  Okta was an early supporter of JHipster, and thanks to [Matt Raible](https://developer.okta.com/blog/authors/matt-raible/), Okta is now the platinum sponsor for JHipster.
```
small edits for clarity and flow. shorter paragraphs.

> In 2016, I moved to the Netherlands to join a DevOps startup and helped build an analytics product, developer tooling, and Cloud and Container integrations working mostly with Java, Scala, TypeScript, and Golang. This is where my fascination for cloud and container tech began. While I was doing some sort of advocacy all along for JHipster and DevOps, in terms of writing content, conference talks, meetups, and so on, in 2020 I officially became a paid Developer Advocate for Adyen, a unicorn in the FinTech space. And as part of my OSS endeavors, I continue contributing to Java and JS communities and recently got fascinated with Rust and built a Kubernetes dashboard in Rust, called [KDash](https://kdash.cli.rs/). I'm hoping to get more involved in the Rust community as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2016, I moved to the Netherlands to join a devops startup and helped build an analytics product, developer tooling, and cloud and container integrations. I worked mostly with Java, Scala, TypeScript, and Golang. This is where my fascination for cloud and container tech began. I had been doing some advocacy all along for JHipster and devops, in terms of writing content, conference talks, meetups, and so on, in 2020 I officially became a paid Developer Advocate for Adyen, a unicorn in the fintech space. 

As part of my open-source software endeavors, I continue contributing to Java and JS communities. Recently I got fascinated with Rust and built a Kubernetes dashboard in Rust, called [KDash](https://kdash.cli.rs/). I'm hoping to get more involved in the Rust community as well.
```

> ## What are you going to do at Okta?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What I'll be doing at Okta 
```
(since it's not really a question.)

> As someone who has been following Okta closely for many years, it's an honor to finally be here. Though I have dabbled with a lot of things and was fortunate to work with a lot of different technologies, my expertise is still around Java, JS, Golang, Rust, and DevOps. So I hope to use that to contribute towards those communities as much as possible while making Okta a well-known name in the DevOps space. So stay tuned for more content, talks, and OSS contributions in those areas. While here, I also hope to make the developer experience better for developers using Okta products, especially in the DevOps space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As someone who has been following Okta closely for many years, it's an honor to finally be here. Though I have dabbled in a lot of things and was fortunate to work with a lot of different technologies, my expertise is still around Java, JS, Golang, Rust, and devops. I hope to use my skills to contribute towards those communities as much as possible while making Okta a well-known name in the devops space. Stay tuned for more content, talks, and OSS contributions in those areas. While here, I also hope to make the developer experience better for developers using Okta products, especially in the devops space.
```
some edits for capitalization. removed some usage of "So" to start your sentences

Author: Normally DevOps is written with camelcase everywhere I have seen, since it's a made up tech word, any specific reason to use small case? Or is it just Okta norm?

Author: updated to DevOps

> ## How to get in touch?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to get in touch
```
no need to use the question mark here
